perf(astro): group chunks on emit (#15123)
withastro/astro: .changeset/cute-clubs-fetch.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> Group render chunks when emitting from async iterables to avoid encoding costs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improves rendering performance by grouping render chunks when emitting from async iterables to avoid encoding costs
```
